- [Michael] Do you use Java Enterprise Edition functionality
and need help deciding which Java application server best
fits your needs or of your organization?
Then join me in this course
as I explore the top four Java application servers
Apache Tomcat, Oracle Weblogic,
JBoss Wildfly, and GlassFish or Payara.
In looking at these four application servers I'll walk you
through installing and configuring each.
I'll also troubleshoot issues
in migrating a simple Java EE application across each
of these four serve platforms.
Then demonstrate in a very simplified manner,
adjusting the applications codebase
to work work on a work on a supported
or certified Java EE container.
I'll also consider the various ways to deploy applications.
In this course I use
an example company called Hplus Sport Beverage.
I'll walk you through how to upgrade
and modify a sample web application,
across various Java web application server containers.
My name is Michael Rodgers, join me as I explore
and demonstrate how to install, configure, deploy,
and handle the various Java application servers
using Tomcat, Weblogic, Wildfly, and Payara.